So I'd like you to tell me what to change/replace/modify/delete in my code to make these additions/modifications/corrections
Don't put any comments in the code But explain where to make the modifications outside the code, tell me what to delete/modify/add and where in the code
If a function is not changed, don't give it to me
Respect the indentation of my code
Give me the complete modified versions of the functions or elements (don't give me the DOMContentLoaded, Simulation, etc constructors/class corrected in their entirety, give me their corrected modified sub-functions)
If it is necessary to import libraries, do so.
Give each modified functions or sub-functions separately, in the order of appearing in the code
I'd like you to give me the corrected elements again without deleting any existing functionality
You need to give me code without any comments in the code; never use `//`
NEVER PUT COMMENTS IN THE CODE

---

I'd like you to create an architecture.md file that describes the entire website architecture for this project. I want the site to be really powerful; it absolutely must be able to simulate interactively with great precision and directly via an interface with almost instant feedback. Everything really needs to be excellent. I don't want a huge number of different files. It's possible to import libraries, but not many files. It needs to be a website with a fairly simple structure but practical functionality. I don't want to have to use Docker or similar services. I want to be able to launch the website from my command prompt and use it in my browser. C++ or C should be prioritized over Python, and even more so over JavaScript. The aesthetics of the interface aren't the most important thing right now; let's stick to the bare minimum in terms of layout.I'd like you to create an architecture.md file that describes the entire website architecture for this project. I want the site to be really powerful; it absolutely must be able to simulate interactively with great precision and directly via an interface with almost instant feedback. Everything really needs to be excellent. I don't want a huge number of different files. It's possible to import libraries, but not many files. It needs to be a website with a fairly simple structure but practical functionality. I don't want to have to use Docker or similar services. I want to be able to launch the website from my command prompt and use it in my browser. C++ or C should be prioritized over Python, and even more so over JavaScript. The aesthetics of the interface aren't the most important thing right now; let's stick to the bare minimum in terms of layout.
I want a maximum of 10 files

Give me the prompt code for my Windows command prompt to generate just each file and folder so I don't have to do it manually. Don't put the contents in them, just generate the files. 

Give me the complete contents of each file, including content within quotation markslike theses ```. Minimize the number of comments in the code. Don't tell me how to launch the application afterward; I just want the contents of each file.

